>> Steve: So
we can actually wire that up ourselves.
The server that we wrote earlier also just
has a way to receive these post requests
and write a JSON file to
an exceptions directory as well.
So let's go ahead and leave that
server running, and let's go ahead and
just change a little bit of our code
>> Steve: All
right,
>> Steve: So
I wanna create a function
called send uncaught exception.
And because we're doing this by hand,
it's gonna be a little more gnarly than
what we got for free from electron.
>> Steve: So it will take an error, and
we basically want to just go ahead and
figure out a way to send it along.
So we could,
let's grab that product name and
company name from that
config we wrote earlier.
So it'll say productName,
companyName from the config and
then we'll do, we'll bring on the request
library which sends HTTP requests for us.
You could use node fetch,
you can use whatever you want.
I'm just gonna use request
because I want to.
>> Steve: You can use the native HTTP
library if you don't like yourself.
Go ahead and we'll say, console,
info,
>> Steve: Catching error.
>> Steve: Just to know that we caught it.
>> Steve: Cool, and
then we're just gonna send a post request,
>> Steve: To host +/uncaughtexceptions.
And the body of that is gonna
be this JavaScript object.
Which is anything that we would wanna know
about the system that it was running on.
So we can say,
product name is product name,
>> Steve: You might not care about this,
but you don't have to include it.
This is the spoke so it's really,
whatever we wanted in the properties, so
on and so forth.
So we can say the version.
Now, the version, the best thing to do is
get that from the package JSON, right?
You have likely been updating in there.
You don't wanna have to manually
remember to do that, so
in node you can actually
require JSON files.
>> Steve: So go ahead and
we'll get that package JSON in there.
That's a dot dot,
we need to go up in the directory.
Cool, and so we can say that
the version is manifest version cuz
that'll be front of package JSON.
Platform can be processed platform,
right, just so
we know what kind of things
were your process type.
>> Steve: And we'll actually see
what process type in a second.
This is basically, did this happen in the
main process or the render process, right?
That's what process type is gonna be.
That is actually and
electronic specific thing.
And you'll find out in a second,
completely unintuitive to
what you might think it is.
Cool, and then let's just send
some details about the error.
So the error itself,
we'll say the name is error.name,
the message is the error.message.
We'll probably see if we can get
the file name that happened in.
>> Steve: So that's useful and
then the call stack.
>> Steve: Right,
we wanna know where it happened.
Cuz if we get undefined,
it's not a function.
Cool, that happened somewhere, neat.
I'd like to know where it happened.
And we can also get the line number
is error dot line number and
column number,
>> Steve: Error dot column number, right?
So this will send some pretty useful
information to us whenever
an error is thrown.
Now, we do need to trigger this, right?
We wrote a function,
we need to actually trigger it as well.
And so what we'll say is,
if process type- Cuz main is more
of a node process, while the render
process is more of a browser process.
Which is gonna be completely unintuitive
when you see what happens next, but
let's go with it.
In fact,
I'll actually show you real quick.
In the main process, let's go ahead,
just when it starts,
we'll say, console.log,
main process process.type.
Anyone wanna take a lucky
guess what we're gonna get?
>> Steve: That's right,
the main process, it's called browser.
>> Steve: And renderer.
So when you see me write the next line
of code, I'm not making a mistake.
[LAUGH] Right, the main process,
the process type is browser and
then the render process is renderer.
>> Steve: All right, cool.
So what we'll do is we'll go
back to that crash reporter and
we'll say if process.type,
>> Steve: Browser,
that means it's the main process,
we'll say process.on.
We'll do the node way of
catching uncaught exceptions.
Process on uncaught exception.
We'll do that, send uncaught exception.
>> Steve: Otherwise,
window.addEventListener for
an error that bubbles all the way up
to the window, we'll also send that.
So whether it happens in a kind of
node context, or if it happens in
a browser context, we'll go ahead and
we will get it either way.
Cool, and then we'll do module.exports.
>> Steve: Sweet, now what we can
do is we already have it there,
we can also ask for
it in the renderer process as well.
So here, we'll do,
>> Steve: We'll have it in both places.
>> Steve: We'll go ahead,
>> Steve: We'll throw an error.
And then let's go check,
>> Steve: All right,
we'll just see what's
going on here as well.
>> Steve: All right, fire that up.
>> Steve: We got an error there.
Did catch the error this time, I think
I just couldn't do it in the console.
>> Steve: You can see all of my uncaught
exceptions are being caught as well,
which is super cool.
It gives you a way to be
able to pull out stuff in.
Now, and all that, writing it all
to the fault system, if you just.
That's not gonna be scale over a company
like Slack as we're gonna write them to
the and expressor.
We're like what do you do on a server to
actually deal with those reports is going
to be unique to how you
choose to handle it.
But you can, theoretically, get crash
reports from an absolute meltdown and then
you can also get any of the uncollected
exceptions, should you choose to.
You can also do a little bit
of introspection of, like,
is this one I care about, and
so on and so forth, right?
This is just an approach to doing that,
that you could choose to use,
or not to use, as well.